{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green24\blue28;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9412\c12549\c14902;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12760\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Project Description\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 CookPad is a simple photo based application.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa400\partightenfactor0

\b\fs40 \cf2 Requirements & Presentation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 There are 4 tabs in the application which solve different problems:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 1.) Photo Library
\b0  
\b -
\b0  This tab provides user with the functionality of fetching photos from iPhone Photo Library and displaying them in a collection view just like iPhone\'92s photo gallery. \
-> Clicking on photo will take user to the Preview Screen where user can see the image. Use gesture to zoom in zoom out.\
-> This tab supports both Portrait and landscape modes.\

\b 2.) Postcard
\b0  
\b -
\b0  This tab provides user with a cool functionality of sharing picture and message just like a postcard.\
-> User can input their name and message in the textfield. User can click the photo using Camera or choose from Photo Library. \
-> After choosing the photo, user navigates to next screen where they can see the text and image on a map, which locates the location of the image. \
-> The image/postcard can be shared using ActivityViewController.\
-> This tab only supports Portrait mode.\

\b 3. Face Detection
\b0  
\b -
\b0  The third tab provides user with the latest face detection capability provided by Apple using Vision Api. \
-> User can upload photo from Photo Library or from the camera.\
-> The detected faces are represented by Red color rectangular view.\
-> This tab only supports Portrait mode.\

\b 4. Flickr - 
\b0 The last tab uses Flickr Api to fetch image. User can input text to search for and clicking on Search button fetches the corresponding image using Flickr API.\
-> This tab only supports Portrait mode.
\b\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Mobile Operating Systems\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2  iOS. Swift 4, Xcode 10.1\
}